#summary Work log for February 19, 2009.
#labels Log

  * We're not doing eCos.
  * Got the weight sensors and the op amp IC (33174).  The circuit is set up and working correctly as far as we can tell.  Later on (particularly when we have the berg connectors), we'll make a longer cable for each sensor so that we can test it over its full range (e.g. put the sensor under a chair).
  * Got the speaker (8 ohm) and a 555 IC.  The circuit is set up and working correctly.
  * Made a prototype project ("proto") that can simply be copied and renamed to make a new project.
  * Setup projects for Ethernet and NVRAM.  Right now, all the Ethernet project does is set up the corresponding EBI registers.  These are only test projects, and once completed the code can be copied into a proper driver for use in the main program.
  * NVRAM test program is ready (more or less a copy of lab 2), but the NVRAM hasn't been wired yet.
  * Ethernet module is wired (and all connections tested) except for the reset switches due to conflicting documentation.  We need to test which is active high/low and hook them up to the same switch with an inverter if necessary.
  * The power supplies only have three channels.  The two adjustable ones will be used for +9V and -9V for the op amp, and the 5V for the 555 and the op amp.  We still need 3.3V for NWAIT on JPCONTROL and the Ethernet module (though it is tolerant to 5V, we'd rather keep all levels it gets the same).  We'll need to grab a regulator or some other form of level converter if we want to stick to using one power supply.
  * So on Monday we need to grab a level converter and possibly an inverter (after testing to see if it is necessary).  Also, double-check the wiring of the Ethernet module to the JPCONTROL pins; I can't remember if we checked these.